The Israeli military is assessing claims
made by Hamas
that the youngest hostage,
ten month old care givers and his mom
were killed.
Hamas is claiming
that they were killed
by an Israeli air strike.
Obviously, whoever kidnaps
a baby and a mom, they're responsible
for what happens to them
regardless of how they were killed.
I'm wondering
if any of you want to
comment on this awful news.
Again, we don't know if it's even true.
Right.
I think the family came out
with a statement
saying that they are looking at the facts
and hoping for good news.
But that's part
of the psychological warfare
that Hamas is doing.
And going back to Liz's comment
about the International Red Cross.
They need to be the witness.
They are the conscience
of the international community
and need to speak up
and be vocal about what they are saying
and calling them out
for these types of acts
that they are doing.
The whole world needs to speak up.
We don't feel that the
international community is appalled
the way they should be.
It's humanitarian crisis
at the highest level and there don't seem
to be enough outrage out there.
Now, over 30 different nationalities
being held hostage today.
And I think,
you know, we've seen the success
with the release
of some hostages
over the past several days.
And the US government, Israel, Egypt,
Qatar are working together
and I'm really grateful for that.
That's how
my aunt Aviva,
how Abigail have been released.
But there's so many other hostages
who have not yet been released
and time is of the essence.
Do any of you think that
President Biden is not doing enough,
that he needs to be doing more?
It's okay if you feel that way.
If I had a
loved one in captivity,
I probably would think that
nobody's doing enough.
We have heard
President Biden expressing
the hostages is top priority,
but we're still sitting here
54 days later
with eight of us, eight families
still waiting for their loved ones.
Think Biden administration, they do
more than enough since the first day.
But the math shouldn't fool us,
which means
if every day ten people being released,
it doesn't mean necessarily
that the two weeks from now
their remaining 140
something hostages will be out.
So that's the main concern.
You talked about
how you don't think that you're
getting enough support from the world.
And I'm sure you know
that one of the reasons that is
and there are probably many reasons,
but one of the reasons
that is, is because
many people in the world
think that the IDF's response
has killed too many
innocent Palestinians.
The IDF says
they're going
after Hamas and Hamas embeds
with the population
and they're not trying to kill civilians.
But Hamas goes where the population is.
That's the reason.
Do you think that the IDF
should be focusing more,
not just the IDF, that Netanyahu
should be focusing
more on the hostages, getting them out,
saving them,
and the time for going after Hamas
should come later
at the beginning of the conflict.
I think the Israeli government
was more focused on going after Hamas.
I think the fact that the families
have come together,
we each feel collectively
that we have 240 new family members.
And I think the success of the families
being together and being able to unite
around the hostage issue and getting the
people of
Israel behind us
has changed the perception
of the government of Israel.
The hostages have been 54 days.
Somewhere in the dark in Gaza,
it is
an immediate need,
the immediacy
of getting these hostages out.
A young man like Hirsch,
who had his arm blown off,
he doesn't have days to wait.
And so
little people,
big people, mothers, brothers,
young women
who we know are not being treated
well in Gaza.
They need to get out.
And so when we talk about it,
none of us are talking about
this politically.
We're talking about it as a human crisis.
And so for me,
the issue of how do we finish
with the work of Hamas
and getting rid of them,
let's put it aside for a second
and let's just focus on
getting these 150 folks,
people, our family, our relatives out
and getting them safe.
That should be everyone's priority
right now.
All I can say is
I hope that your loved ones
get home soon.
And I know for the ones of you that have
men being held hostage
who are not top priority
because women and children
and older people are being
prioritized, and people in the IDF,
they will be last on the list.
And I'm so sorry for that.
It's time to change this equation.
Right? Who said that?
You know, we where is it coming from?
We believe collectively
that anybody from any group
should be released.
Should be a mixed group from now on.
Yes.
We 100% agree that children being
the sensitive souls that they are,
should have been released first.
But from now on, they should be
a consideration of men and women.
Old and young
soldiers and civilians
still should come out.
They're all the same.
There should be representation
of each and every group coming out.
What do you want anybody watching
right now to know about your loved one?
What should
somebody who's watched this
and is sitting at home afterwards?
What should they know about him?
He don is American kid.
He graduated last year
from Tenafly High School.
He love parties.
He's got tons of friends.
He's a professional swimmer.
He loved the good Life is a real foodie.
Like he knows all the restaurants.
Like we've been in concert everywhere.
Like
he doesn't belong there.
Like dance with a family.
As simple as that.
Yeah. Tell us about that.
What do you want
people to know about Homer Omar
As a kind person?
But when it comes to the room,
he just captured everybody's attention
just because of his
sheer size and kindness.
And. And
he loves
playing basketball and admires
the NBA and the NFL.
Just the American kid.
He belongs at home.
What about Ed?
What do you want us to know about other?
He's a very talented kid.
He sings. He dances.
So he's typically the life of the party.
He has been in the Boy Scouts
until the age of 18.
So he mentors young kids.
And maybe the most important part of his,
he and his older brother play NBA, too.
Okay, so
I get my ass whipped by my eldest son,
so he needs his youngest
younger brother to come back
so he could go back and play with them.
NBA, too.
Emily, tell us about your Uncle Keith.
What do you want us to know about him?
My Uncle Keith is a really gentle,
kind father and grandfather.
He grew up in North Carolina.
That's where I'm from.
And family is just everything to him.
And he needs to be returned
to be with his grandchildren
and his wife and his children.
I want them all home. So.
Thank you for talking to us.